taxonomy: add UK recycle-at-supermarket packaging recycling option (#11804)
openfoodfacts/openfoodfacts-server: taxonomies/packaging_recycling.txt

nl: restafval, bij restafval, niet PMD
pt: descartar, a descartar, para descartar, não-reciclável, não recicláel

> # In the UK, some packaging is accepted for recycling by supermarkets despite not being recyclable in home bins

Author: ```suggestion
# In the UK, soft plastic packaging is often accepted for recycling by supermarkets despite not being recyclable in home bins
```
